## 👤 DEVELOPER INFORMATION
- Full Name: **Gahire Abdilillah** (appears in footer and developer credits)
- Date: `{{CURRENT_DATE}}`

## 🧠 ABSOLUTE CORE INSTRUCTION – DYNAMIC SCENARIO PARSING
You will be given an **exam scenario** below. You have no prior knowledge of its content.  
**You must dynamically generate a complete, production‑ready web application that exactly matches the scenario.**

### Step 1 – Parse the scenario to extract:
- **Entities** (e.g., SparePart, StockIn, StockOut) and their **attributes** with data types (String, Number, Date, etc.)
- **Primary keys** (usually `id`) and **foreign keys** (e.g., `spare_part_id` in StockOut)
- **Relationships** (one‑to‑many, many‑to‑many) – infer from foreign keys
- **Auto‑calculation rules** (e.g., “TotalPrice = Quantity × UnitPrice”)
- **Stock/availability logic** – if an entity has a `quantity` field and another entity records usage (e.g., StockOut), implement automatic stock updates (decrement on usage, increment on delete/update)
- **CRUD permissions** – detect exact phrases like:
  - *“Insert operation should be used on all forms (X, Y, Z)”*
  - *“Delete, update, retrieve operations should only be used on W form”*
  - *“No edit/delete for A”*
  - If not specified, assume **full CRUD** (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for all entities.
- **Authentication requirement** – look for *“session based login”* or *“JWT”*. Default to **JWT** (as in the provided backend structure). If session is explicitly required, use `express-session`; otherwise use JWT.
- **Report requirements** – look for *“daily stock status”*, *“daily StockOut report”*, or any other named reports. **You must generate exactly those reports with the exact wording as described in the scenario.**

### Step 2 – Generate backend with this **exact structure** (JWT + MongoDB, following your provided style):
backend-project/
├── package.json (with "type": "module")
├── .env.example
├── server.js
├── config/
│ └── db.js (Mongoose connection – exactly as in your example)
├── models/
│ ├── User.js (exactly as your example: username, password, bcrypt)
│ ├── [Entity1].js
│ ├── [Entity2].js
│ └── [Entity3].js
├── controllers/
│ ├── authController.js (register, login, forgotPassword – JWT based, like your example)
│ ├── [entity1]Controller.js
│ ├── [entity2]Controller.js
│ ├── [entity3]Controller.js
│ └── reportController.js
├── routes/
│ ├── authRoutes.js (POST /register, /login, /forgot-password)
│ ├── [entity1]Routes.js
│ ├── [entity2]Routes.js
│ ├── [entity3]Routes.js
│ └── reportRoutes.js
├── middleware/
│ ├── authMiddleware.js (JWT verification – exactly as your example)
│ └── validationMiddleware.js
├── utils/
│ ├── validators.js
│ ├── recoveryCodes.js (generate 5 codes XXXX-XXXX, hash with bcrypt)
│ └── stockUpdater.js
├── seed.js (populates admin user + sample data)
└── tests/
└── stockUpdate.test.js (validation logic for stock updates)

text

**Important:**  
- Use `mongoose` with MongoDB (as in your provided `db.js` and `User.js`).  
- `authController.js` must match your example: `register`, `login`, `forgotPassword` using JWT (`generateToken`).  
- `authMiddleware.js` must exactly match your example (Bearer token verification).  
- `axios.js` interceptor (frontend) must match your example: attach token from localStorage.

### Step 3 – Generate frontend (React + Vite + Tailwind CSS v4) with:
- **Icons:** lucide-react
- **Routing:** react-router-dom
- **HTTP:** axios (with interceptor as in your example)
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS v4 (light theme only, **no dark mode**)
- **Folder structure:**
frontend-project/
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
├── tailwind.config.js
├── index.css
├── main.jsx
├── App.jsx
├── components/
│ ├── Layout.jsx (Sidebar + Navbar + Footer)
│ ├── Sidebar.jsx
│ ├── Navbar.jsx
│ ├── Footer.jsx
│ ├── Modal.jsx
│ ├── AlertBanner.jsx
│ └── ProtectedRoute.jsx
├── pages/
│ ├── LandingPage.jsx (pros/cons, animations, responsive)
│ ├── Login.jsx
│ ├── Register.jsx (recovery codes modal with copy/download)
│ ├── ForgotPassword.jsx
│ ├── Dashboard.jsx
│ ├── [Entity1]List.jsx (only if RETRIEVE allowed)
│ ├── [Entity1]Create.jsx (only if INSERT allowed)
│ ├── [Entity1]Edit.jsx (only if UPDATE allowed)
│ ├── [Entity2]List.jsx
│ ├── [Entity2]Create.jsx
│ ├── [Entity3]List.jsx
│ ├── [Entity3]Create.jsx
│ ├── [Entity3]Edit.jsx (if UPDATE allowed)
│ └── Report.jsx (two reports, CSV export)
├── services/
│ └── api.js (axios instance exactly as your example)
└── utils/
└── formatters.js

text

---

## ⚠️ STRICT CRUD ENFORCEMENT (2 marks each violation avoided)

**Rule: STRICTLY enforce CRUD permissions exactly as written in the scenario.  
Never generate update/delete routes, controllers, buttons, or pages for entities where they are forbidden.**

- For each entity, the AI must mark a permission map:  
  `{ insert: true/false, retrieve: true/false, update: true/false, delete: true/false }` based on scenario phrases.
- Backend: Do **not** create `PUT` or `DELETE` endpoints for forbidden operations. If a request arrives, return `403 Forbidden`.
- Frontend: Do **not** render Edit/Delete buttons in list views, and do **not** create edit/delete routes (`<Route>`).
- **Example:** If scenario says *“Insert operation only on SparePart, StockIn, StockOut; Delete, update, retrieve only on StockOut”*, then:
  - SparePart: only `POST /api/sparepart` (no GET, no PUT, no DELETE)
  - StockIn: only `POST /api/stockin`
  - StockOut: full CRUD (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE)
  - Frontend: SparePart has a Create form but no list page; StockOut has full list with edit/delete.

---

## ✅ VALIDATION RULES (2 marks each – implement ALL)

| Field Type         | Rule                                                                                          |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name** (any field with “name” in key) | Letters + single spaces only, 2‑50 chars. Regex: `/^[A-Za-z]+( [A-Za-z]+)*$/` |
| **Username**       | 3‑20 chars, letters/numbers/underscore only. `/^[a-zA-Z0-9_]+$/`                             |
| **Password**       | min 8 chars, 1 uppercase, 1 lowercase, 1 number, 1 special char.                             |
| **Integer**        | Non‑negative integer (`>=0`, integer).                                                       |
| **Money (RWF)**    | Integer ≥0, display with `.toLocaleString()` + " RWF".                                       |
| **Date**           | Valid date string (required).                                                                |
| **Trim & Sanitise** | Every string: trim, strip HTML, collapse spaces.                                             |
| **Phone (if exists)** | Rwandan: `078/079/072/073` + 7 digits.                                                   |
| **Plate (if exists)** | Rwanda plate: `/^[A-Z]{1,3} \d{1,4}( [A-Z])?$/`                                         |

---

## 🔐 AUTHENTICATION & RECOVERY CODES (JWT – as in your example)

- **Register**: bcrypt password (salt 10), generate 5 recovery codes (`XXXX-XXXX`). Store hashed codes in DB (add `recoveryCodes: [{ code: String, used: Boolean }]` to User model). Return raw codes in response → frontend modal with copy/download.
- **Login**: returns JWT token (expires 7d) – exactly as in your `authController.js`.
- **Forgot Password**: username, recovery code, new password. Verify code not used, mark used, update password.
- **Logout**: frontend removes token from localStorage.
- **JWT secret** from `.env`.

---

## 📊 REPORT PAGE (MANDATORY – with verification)

- **Generate exactly the reports named in the scenario** (e.g., “daily stock status”, “daily StockOut report”).  
- **Verify that generated reports match scenario wording** – column names, date range, grouping, and calculations must align with what the scenario describes.  
- Each report fetched from custom endpoint (`/api/report/stock-status`, `/api/report/stockout`).  
- CSV export button for each report (using `react-csv` or manual blob).  
- **Report calculation explanation** must be provided in the output documentation, showing how the scenario wording translates into aggregation logic.

---

## 🧪 STOCK UPDATE VALIDATION LOGIC (Tests or validation scripts)

**Requirement:** Generate tests or validation logic proving that stock quantity updates correctly after StockIn, StockOut, Update, and Delete operations (respecting CRUD permissions).

- Create a file `backend-project/tests/stockUpdate.test.js` (using Jest or a simple validation script that can be run with Node).  
- The tests must:
  - Create a spare part with initial quantity.
  - Perform a StockIn (insert) → verify quantity increased by StockInQuantity.
  - Perform a StockOut (insert) → verify quantity decreased by StockOutQuantity.
  - If UPDATE allowed on StockOut: change StockOutQuantity → verify quantity adjusts correctly (old quantity added back, new quantity subtracted).
  - If DELETE allowed on StockOut: delete a StockOut record → verify quantity increased by that StockOutQuantity.
  - Also test that when a StockOut is created with quantity exceeding available stock, the operation fails with an error (validation).
- If the scenario forbids update/delete on StockOut, skip those tests but document that they are not applicable.
- Provide instructions on how to run the tests (`npm test` or `node tests/stockUpdate.test.js`).

---

## 🎨 UI/UX REQUIREMENTS (Responsive + Animations + Pros/Cons)

- **LandingPage**:
  - Hero with system name (from scenario).
  - **Pros & Cons section** – dynamically generated from scenario (e.g., “✅ Eliminates manual errors”, “❌ Requires internet”).
  - Feature cards (scenario features + auth + reports).
  - Attractive animations: fade‑in, hover scale, smooth transitions (Tailwind `transition`, `hover:scale-105`).
  - Buttons: “Get Started” → Register, “Login” → Login.
  - Footer with developer name.
- **Sidebar** (full height, fixed on desktop, collapsible on mobile): user avatar, username, role “Administrator”, links to allowed list pages, Reports, logout (red).
- **Navbar**: system name (left), welcome message (right desktop), hamburger (mobile). No dark mode.
- **Dashboard**: welcome card + recent items from the most important entity (last 5) + stock alerts if quantity < 5.
- **Forms**: live validation, auto‑calculation (e.g., total = quantity × unit price).
- **List views**: table with action buttons only for allowed operations. Delete confirmation modal.
- **AlertBanner**: auto‑dismiss after 5 seconds.
- **Responsive breakpoints**: Tailwind default (sm, md, lg, xl).

---

## 🌱 SEED FILE (`backend-project/seed.js`)

Must insert:
- Admin user: username `admin`, password `Admin123!` (hashed automatically by User model pre‑save).
- Sample data for each entity (2‑3 records) respecting foreign keys (e.g., StockIn and StockOut reference existing SparePart).
- Use async/await, log results.

---

## 📄 ADDITIONAL REQUIRED OUTPUTS (for exam assessment)

Your final answer must include the following **clearly labelled sections** **in addition** to the code:

### 1. Full panel presentation script
A script (2‑3 minutes) that a candidate would say when presenting the project to assessors. It must include:
- Product name and brief description.
- Key steps of the process (SDLC summary).
- Use/function/importance of the product.
- Challenges met and how they were overcome.

### 2. SDLC explanation
Explain which SDLC model was used (e.g., Agile – Scrum) and justify why. Describe each phase: Planning → Analysis → Design → Implementation → Testing → Deployment → Maintenance, with specific references to the generated project.

### 3. Frontend explanation
Describe the frontend architecture: React components, state management (useState, useEffect), routing (react-router-dom), API integration (axios interceptor), Tailwind CSS, responsive design, animations, and how CRUD permissions are enforced in the UI.

### 4. Backend workflow explanation
Explain the backend workflow: Express.js server, MongoDB schema design, JWT authentication, middleware (auth, validation), controllers, RESTful endpoints, and how CRUD permissions are enforced at route/controller level.

### 5. Report calculation explanation
For each generated report, explain:
- Which entities/tables are involved.
- How the scenario wording was used to derive column names and aggregations.
- The actual aggregation logic (e.g., `SUM(StockOutQuantity) GROUP BY spare_part_id`).
- How the data is fetched from the database and sent to the frontend.

### 6. Strict enforcement of scenario CRUD rules
A table listing each entity and the allowed operations (insert/retrieve/update/delete) as parsed from the scenario, with a brief justification.

### 7. Exam time‑priority instructions
A short guide for the candidate (or for the AI itself) on how to prioritise tasks during the 7‑hour exam:
- What to build first (database → backend → frontend).
- Which features are mandatory (validation, reports, CRUD permissions, stock tests).
- How to handle unexpected scenario requirements.

### 8. Stock update validation logic report
Summarise the tests/validation logic generated in `tests/stockUpdate.test.js` and explain how they prove the correctness of stock updates for StockIn, StockOut, Update, and Delete operations (where permitted).

---

## ✅ SELF-CHECK FOR AI (must verify before output)

- [ ] Parsed scenario to extract entities, attributes, CRUD permissions, stock logic, report names.
- [ ] Backend files match exactly the style of your provided `authController.js`, `authMiddleware.js`, `db.js`, `User.js`, `authRoutes.js`, `axios.js`.
- [ ] Backend uses **JWT** (not session) – unless scenario explicitly says session.
- [ ] CRUD permissions strictly enforced: no extra endpoints or UI buttons.
- [ ] Seed.js creates admin + sample data.
- [ ] **Reports exactly match scenario wording** – columns and aggregations verified.
- [ ] **Stock update tests/validation** created in `tests/stockUpdate.test.js` covering StockIn, StockOut, Update, Delete (where allowed).
- [ ] Frontend uses Tailwind v4, lucide-react, react-router-dom, axios interceptor.
- [ ] Landing page has pros/cons and animations.
- [ ] No dark mode anywhere.
- [ ] All validation rules applied both ends.
- [ ] Recovery codes modal with copy/download.
- [ ] Report page has two reports + CSV export.
- [ ] Presentation script, SDLC, frontend/backend workflow, report calculation, time‑priority instructions, and validation summary are included as text sections **outside** the code blocks.
- [ ] No placeholders – every file is complete and runnable.

---

## 📄 SCENARIO (PASTE YOURS HERE – AI WILL PARSE DYNAMICALLY)

**[Paste the full exam scenario text here. Example: The SIMS scenario from your original PDF – but any scenario works.]**

---

## 🚀 BEGIN GENERATION

Produce a single answer containing **all of the above** – code files **and** documentation sections.  
Build as **Gahire Abdilillah**.
